I thought it'd be cool to show you some
of the highlights of Ohio that's pretty
much it
go Buckeyes on March 1st 1803 Ohio
finally became a state it was also the
biggest mistake in American history
knowledge is power and power is
something that Ohio will never have
people say that when the apocalypse
comes the one that's supposed to be
crazy
what does everyone in Ohio think that's
every day okay
Ohio I got this okay I'm Canadian I
don't even know where Ohio yes
I'm not American so I don't know
anything about Ohio no book on it the
Armstrong was from Ohio he was the first
man on the moon
suckered Russia oh and also Steven
Spielberg was born in Ohio no wonder
he's so imaginative he's really bored
the state motto of Ohio is with God all
things are possible
all things except keeping LeBron James
go Buckeyes Ohio is the only state I
know of to have a gigantic statue of
Jesus destroyed by a bolt of lightning
if God can sacrifice the statue of his
own son when whip does the rest of the
country have go Buckeyes I won't be a
bit surprised if Ohio is the next state
to legalize personal use of marijuana
because like marijuana
Ohio State always gets smoked in Bowles
Ohio go buck us go Buckeyes is right
anyway thanks again for watching guys be
sure to check out some other videos
below and also buy some holiday
merchandise by clicking the buying
merchandise but got a lot of stuff in
there a lot of good buys a lot of good
gear subscribe fall on Twitter and
Facebook links in the description and
like favorite share this video or Ohio
wins anyway thanks again for watching
this meeting guys